Recruitment task

In netguru we love good beer. So we ask you to create an app that would help us to find the best one. Use punkapi.com to implement the following features and once you’re done, who knows maybe we’ll drink something together!

Requirements

    General requirements
        User should at all times know that something is being loaded (e.g. spinner/fake content)
        Application should be responsive and work both on desktop and mobile devices
        Use this API: https://punkapi.com/documentation/v2
        Your app should look more or less like this: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B3Gr69JeT5_jbnhoWmZjRF94VzA (bear in mind it’s more like a mockup and should not be treated as a final design)
        We should be able to run your app using only two commands: npm install && npm start
        Once you’re ready to show us your work, pack everything to dropbox or drive and send the link over by email (please do not upload your solution to GitHub or any other publicly available platform)
    Listing view
        User should see 20 beers on the first page
        Each beer on the list should display: name, image, tagline
        On bigger devices items should appear in a grid and on smaller resolutions they should wrap in a column
        User should be able to see more beers as she/he scrolls down (infinite scroll)
        If there are no more items to load user should see that’s the end of the list and no more requests should be triggered
    Details view
        Details view should be a modal accessible by clicking on any item on the listing view or by manually entering the page using it’s URL address (e.g. /details/:id)
        The modal should contain the following informations: name, tagline, description, image, brewer_tips, ibu, abv
        Additionally modal should also list up to 3 similar beers (use available API to get beers with similar IBU/ABV/EBC)

FAQ

Will this task be checked and marked x out of 100?

No, we are checking whether you can solve problems with clean and readable code.


Can I add more features to the app?

Yes! Feel free to add any feature you like to better show us your skills.


Can I use a "xyz_library"?

Yes, you can!


Should I make the app look good on mobile devices?

Yes, mobile devices are really important. There are no requirements when it comes to UI, you can make it very basic or showcase your UI/UX taste.


Which library/framework should I use?

Please use either React, Angular >= 2, Ember or Vue.


Should I write tests?

You don't have to aim for 100% code coverage, but it would be good for us to know your skills in that field.


And yep! There’s a deadline. We’re waiting for four days since this email (up to 11:59 pm CET). In case you won't be able to meet the deadline - please let us know, we can extend it.
